Keep error reporter open if it fails to send report (#34893)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.6.0/Workbench/Bugfixes/33269.rst

> - If the error reporter fails to send, it will now not automatically close

Reviewer: I would re-word this to say what the reporter does now, maybe this?:
```suggestion
- The error reporter will now stay open and provide an error message if the report failed to send. 
```

Author: Much better wording thank you
